docs(DST-1623): document mounting <ToastProvider> once (#5642)
marigold-ui/marigold: docs/content/components/overlay/toast/index.mdx

The `<ToastProvider>` Component should be in the root of your application, so it can be used anywhere in your app. You can use the `addToast` function to add a Toast to the Toaster. The Toast will appear at the bottom right of the screen by default. With the position prop you can change the position of all Toasts.

<Callout type="info" title="Mount the provider once">

>   Every toast shares one global queue, so `addToast` works from anywhere — you
>   don't need a provider nearby, and a single `<ToastProvider>` renders them all.
>   Mounting more than one renders every toast multiple times and creates
>   duplicate notification landmarks (React Aria warns about this in the console),
>   so keep it to a single instance at the root of your app.
> </Callout>

Reviewer: 🟡 **This callout largely restates the paragraph directly above it.**

Line 36 already covers root placement, `addToast` from anywhere, and one provider rendering all toasts. The only new (and important) information here is the mount-more-than-once footgun. Suggest trimming to lead with that:

```suggestion
<Callout type="info" title="Mount the provider once">
  Because all toasts share one global queue, mounting more than one
  `<ToastProvider>` renders every toast multiple times and creates duplicate
  notification landmarks (React Aria warns about this in the console). Keep it to
  a single instance.
</Callout>
```

Two related notes (files not in this diff, so can't inline):
- The `table-record-management` pattern page intentionally mounts two `<ToastProvider>`s and logs the very warning this callout documents. Worth an inline note there — the ticket lists this as the intended docs cleanup.
- This PR closes DST-1623 (filed as a bug wanting a runtime guard) via docs only. Worth a quick reporter ack since it changes the resolution.

Author: Agreed — adopted your suggestion verbatim in f8973b479. The callout now leads with the mount-more-than-once footgun and drops the overlap with the paragraph above (and, as a bonus, removes the em dash `aromko` flagged in the preview). Also scrubbed the em dash from the changeset body.

On your two side notes:
- The `table-record-management` pattern-page note: keeping it out of this diff for now to stay scoped, but it's a good follow-up — noted.
- DST-1623 (bug → docs-only) reporter ack: drafting a comment for the ticket separately.
